The PyPA has adopted the PSF code of conduct (#519)
pypa/pypi-support: README.md

Please [create a new issue here](https://github.com/pypa/pypi-support/issues/new/choose) and it will be transferred as necessary.

## Code of Conduct

> Everyone interacting in the PyPI Support project's codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms, and mailing lists is expected to follow the [PSF Code of Conduct](https://github.com/pypa/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Everyone interacting in the PyPI's codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms, and mailing lists is expected to follow the [PSF Code of Conduct](https://github.com/pypa/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
```
